General Conditions of Use and Rental

I) GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE

Please read carefully these terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use") before using the Services. By using the Services accept in full the General Conditions of Use. We offer a wide range of services and sometimes you may be subject to additional terms and conditions. In case of use of a Service.

1. LICENSE FOR ACCESS TO SERVICES

As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, the Terms of Service, and you to make payment of any applicable fee, the site or its content provider will grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non- sublicensed to access the Services and make personal use and not commercial. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of each service or its content, nor the right to collect and use lists, descriptions, or prices of products, making a derivative use of the Services or their contents, make any kind of download or copying of account information for the benefit of another dealer or use data mining, robots or similar devices of acquisition and data extraction. All rights not expressly granted by these Terms of Use or the Terms of Service remain with the Site or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, owners or other service providers.
You can not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit or in any other way be used for any commercial use of the Services in whole or in part without our express written consent. You can not proceed to the framing or utilize framing techniques to embezzle any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page settings, or form) of the Site without the express written consent from us. You can not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" using the name or trademarks of the site without the express written consent from us. You must not use the Services improperly. You may use the Services only in accordance with the law. The violation of these Terms of Use or Terms of Service will result in the revocation of the authorization or license issued by the site.
2. YOUR ACCOUNT

If you use the Services, you are required to keep confidential your account and your password and controlling access to your computer and your devices, and agree, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, to be held responsible for all activities which will be performed with your account and password. You agree to take all necessary precautions to ensure that your password remains secure and confidential and you agree to inform us immediately if you have reason to believe that any third party is aware of your password or if your password is, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorized manner. You are required to make sure the information you provide is correct and complete and inform us immediately of any change of the information you've provided.
You use the Services: (i) so, or could cause, interruption, malfunction or damage of services and its functionality, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in any case to commit illegal activities, or (iii ) to disturb, damage or apprehension.
We reserve the right to prevent access to the Site and / or Services, to suspend or close an account, remove or edit content at our discretion, in the event of violation of the provisions of applicable law, the General Conditions Manual or guidelines or policies applicable.

3. THIRD ACTIVITY

Parties other than the site run homes / apartments / rooms for students. We are not responsible for monitoring or evaluation of these traders or of these parties, nor offer guarantees on their proposals for rent. The website can not in any way be held responsible for the actions, products and content of all these subjects or any third party. We encourage you to carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.


4. THE ROLE OF THE COMPANY 

The system allows property owners to rent out their homes / apartments / rooms for students. In the pages of detail of each property is provided its data sheet. As a provider of e-commerce platform, the company facilitates transactions that occur on the site, but is not part of the lease. The company therefore remains extraneous to this contract, which exists solely between the buyer and the owner. The company does not accept responsibility for the lease and its proper performance, and does not operate in any way as an agent of the owner. The owner is solely responsible for the building and management of disputes with the buyer. The payment amount will be determined also by a bank outside; One task of the system is to produce a receipt to transition occurred that can be saved and / or printed. For a safer experience of rent buyer, the company has Scout evaluating the data sheet given by the owner. Only ads that have received their consent are made available on the Site. The Scout will give an opinion but only approximate values, based on what has been declared by the owner and not with an on-site inspection of the property. The company assumes no liability to false descriptions of properties of which only the owner it is the full responsibility. For guarantees for future buyers it is strongly advised to report those who abuse the site in the role of local owners.

5. OUR LIABILITY

We will do our best to ensure that access to services is provided uninterrupted and that transmissions take place without errors. However, due to the nature of the Internet, uninterrupted access and the absence of errors in the transmission can not be guaranteed. Also, your access to the Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for the carrying out of repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new activities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of these suspensions and limitations.
The company will not be responsible for (i) losses that are not a result of our breach of these terms and conditions or (ii) for any loss of business opportunity or (iii) any other indirect or consequential loss that was not reasonably foreseeable, both you that from us, when did you start to use the Services.
We will not be responsible for any delay or failure to fulfill the obligations under these Terms if the delay or failure arises from unforeseeable circumstances or force majeure.

6. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION

These Terms of Use are governed and shall be interpreted in accordance with Italian laws. Accept, and we accept in our turn, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts. As a consumer you can do so before the Courts of the Italian or EU member state in which you are resident or domiciled for promoting a dispute in relation to these Terms of Use.

7. MODIFICATION OF THE SERVICE OR CHANGES IN CONDITIONS

We reserve the right to change the services, policies, these Terms and Conditions of Use and Terms of Service at any time to offer new products or services or to conform to laws and regulations. You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Conditions of Use from time to time in force when you use the Services. If any part of these conditions be deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition does not however affect the validity and enforceability of other provisions.

8. WAIVER

In case of default on your part of these Terms of Use, the failure to exercise our right to act against you, is not a waiver of our act to the violation of the obligations assumed by you.

9. MINORS

We do not rent property to minors. If you are under 18, please use the Services only involving a parent or guardian.

10. OUR CONTACTS

This site is owned and operated by FabCarmLucSRL.
FabCarmLucSRL:
FabCarmLucSRL, via UnivRomaTorVergata n.31, CAP. 00133, Rome, Italy.
Tel. 123456789.


11. NOTIFICATION FORM AND PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Note the data sheets of the Third Owners: Please note that the technical properties of Owners are only stored on the site and are published only in accordance with the instructions of the owners that they can be contacted only agreed lease.

12. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR THE SOFTWARE

1. Use of the Software. You can only use the software in order to use the Services to the extent required by the General Conditions of Use, the Additional Terms for the Software, as well as by the Terms of Service. You can not incorporate some of the software in your programs or compile any portion thereof in combination with your programs, you can not transfer the Software for use in connection with other services, or sell, lease or rent, distribute or sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Software in whole or in part. You will not use the software for illegal purposes. We can stop the supply of the Software and we can revoke your right to use the software at any time. Your right to use the Software will automatically terminate without notice from us, in case of failure on your part to the provisions of the Additional Terms for the Software, the General Conditions of Use or the Terms of Service. The Software may be subject to the application of terms and conditions of third party content or distributed together with some software (or software incorporated into the Software) indicated in its documentation. These provisions shall prevail in case of conflict with the General Conditions of Use. The software used in the Services are owned by the Company or its suppliers of software.
2. Use of third party services. When using the software, you may also use the services provided by third parties, such as suppliers of wireless service or a mobile phone platform. The use of the services provided by third parties may be subject to the policies, the conditions of use and the rates of these subjects.
3. Prohibition of "reverse engineering". You can not copy, modify, perform activities of "reverse engineering", decompile or disassemble or otherwise intervene in the Software in whole or in part, or create derivative works from or of the Software, or encourage, assist or accommodate other objects to perform such activities .
4. Updates. In order to keep updated the software, we can provide automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice.
Please read these conditions carefully before using the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the present conditions.

II. GENERAL CONDITIONS OF RENTAL

These general conditions of rental govern the rent of products and, where applicable, of services through the website. The rent of properties by third owners will be governed by the terms and conditions of rent from time to time applicable. We offer a wide range of services and sometimes you may be subject to additional terms and conditions. On the use of any service you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and general conditions applicable to that particular service ("Terms of Service"). In case of conflict between the General Conditions of Sale and Terms of Service, the Terms of Service shall control.
Please read carefully the General Conditions of rent prior to any lease. Performing any lease fully accept these Terms and Conditions of Rental.


1. OUR CONTRACT

If you want to rent one or more properties, you can select them one at a time and only lease concluded you can dedicate yourself to the house / apartment / student room next. For each property you want to rent you will see a summary page of the characteristics of the room and the price. Payment is entrusted to a bank outside.
Your request for rent will then be considered as a contractual offer your rent to the Fund which will forward them to the owner of the room selected. Upon receipt of your request, we will automatically send a message to take charge of the hiring the same ("Confirmation Rent"). Confirmation Rent does not constitute acceptance of your proposed rent. By sending confirmation Rent, in fact, we will only confirm that it has received the request and have it submitted to the verification process and data availability of the property you have requested.
You agree to receive invoices electronically. These documents are available in PDF format.

2. PRICES AND AVAILABILITY
All prices are inclusive of VAT applicable by law.
Despite all our efforts, we can not exclude that a small portion of the millions of properties listed in our catalog is mistakenly indicated a price different from the actual. We will check in each case the correct property prices during the verification process of the hiring and subsequent signing of the contract.

3. GUARANTEES ON REAL ESTATE AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

We will not be responsible in case of substantial differences between the properties rented and their illustrative images and text descriptions published on our site.
Except in the case of fraud or gross negligence, we are only responsible for any direct and foreseeable at the time the contract is concluded. Therefore we will not be responsible for any losses, lost profits or any other damage that is not immediate and direct consequence of our failure or that was not foreseeable at the time of conclusion of the contract of sale. The company is not in any way responsible for the performance of obligations against third parties who may provide commercial guarantees in relation to real estate for rent on site.
The company authorizes third parties to expose and owners rent their properties through the site. On each page of properties displayed on the site it is referred to when the place is rented from third party vendors and not by the Company. As a provider of e-commerce platform, the company facilitates transactions that occur on the site, but is not part of the lease of the properties rented by these third owners. The Company is therefore unrelated to the transaction, which exists solely between the buyer and the owner. The Company does not accept responsibility for the lease and its proper performance, and does not in any way the owner. The Company will attempt to ensure security for the premises proposed by the owners submitting them to a Scout employee of the said company. The opinion of the Scout will be based exclusively on the data sheet provided by the owner. The Company assumes responsibility for properties that do not respect what had been promised.
The owner is solely responsible for the rent of properties and has to deal directly with all complaints or problems concerning or relating to the contract between the buyer and the owner, including the take on the obligations of the legal guarantee.

4. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions of Rental are regulated and must be interpreted in accordance with Italian laws. We accept, and accept, in turn, also to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts. As a consumer you can do so before the Courts of the Italian or EU member state in which you are resident or domiciled for promoting a dispute in relation to these Terms of Sale.

5. MODIFICATIONS TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to modify the site, policies and these Conditions of rent at any time to offer new products or services or to conform to the edicts of the law or regulations. You will be subject to the policies and terms of the General Conditions of rent from time to time in force when rents properties to us, except that any changes to these policies and these terms are required by applicable law or by the competent authorities (in which case , you will also apply to orders made earlier). If any part of these conditions be deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition does not however affect the validity and enforceability of other provisions.

6. WAIVER
In case of default on your part of these Terms and Conditions of Rent, the failure to exercise our right to act against you, it does not constitute a waiver of our action for breach of commitments assumed by you.

7. MINORS
We do not rent products to minors. If you are under 18, please use the Site only by involving a parent or guardian.
